	Oh, damn ! It looks like Archimede the owl is stuck into a labyrinth.
She definitly needs your help to get out of it ! Would you please
tell her what she needs to do ? This is pretty easy, just write her
simple instructions so she can follow them step by step.

	By the way, she only understands the C language. Oh, you don't know it ?
Well... you better be a fast learner !




			GAME INSTRUCTIONS
			-----------------

For each level of this game, you will have to follow a few steps :

	- Look at the level's map
	- Type the instructions in the instructions file
	- Test it
	- Type the instructions again (would't be fun if it was a one shot, right ?)
	- Retest it
	- ...
	- Did Archimede finally found a way out ? Great, then go to the next level.

To achieve this, you will need a few commands to type in the terminal (you know,
this ugly black window think where you can type text in) :

help			This command will give you all the commands you need to play the game.
			So, if there's any of the following command you forgot, juste type help
			in the terminal.

setlanguage	This one will change the language of the game into the language you
			want.

howtoplay		This command will show you specific instructions about the current
			level. You should read the howtoplay for each one (like, really, no joke).
			It may provide you some REALLY nice informations to complete it.

editcode		This command will open the file where to write your instructions.

playgame		This one will... launch the game. Surprising, huh ? Of course,
			you may launch it once before typing the code, so you can see
			what the level looks like.

nextlevel		If Archimede got to the exit, you may type this command to go
			to the next level.

resetlevel		This command should be useful, in case you messed up something in
			the code and that's not working anymore, or if you wanna retry the level.

resetgame		Careful with this one. This will erase all your progression, and
			you will restart from the first level.




	Pretty easy, isn't it ?

	Ok, no more speech, let's get into action. Leave this page by pressing the Q letter
on your keyboard, then type "editcode" (without the quotes, of course) in the
terminal, and let's make the magic happen together.



Press Q to leave this page.
